Speaker A: Hi, how are you?

Speaker B: Hi, I'm very well. What about you?

Speaker C: I'm great.

Speaker A: Awesome man. So, yesterday, where were you?

Speaker B: I was in hospital yesterday. I was not at my home.

Speaker A: What happened to you?

Speaker B: As you know, my sister is so ill. Ill?

Speaker A: What was the reason?

Speaker B: You know she is suffering from heart problem.

Speaker C: Oh yes.

Speaker B: She was diagnosed and doctors said that she just need bed.

Speaker A: So is she out of danger?

Speaker B: No, she is not out of danger. She is still. She is in hospital.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: In a common room or in a serious ICU or somewhere.

Speaker B: No, this time she is not in ICU but general Ward. Yeah, general word. But doctor was saying that maybe there may be serious condition. So let's see what happens. We don't have any idea about that.

Speaker A: Okay, so what about auntie and uncle? They are fine.

Speaker B: No, my family is all in tears since yesterday. They are just. They have been crying.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker A: So you don't worry and don't take any kind of tension. Whatever the kind of requirements or the financial things. I will definitely help you out in that.

Speaker B: Yes, brother. I know you are always with me, but still, you know, all the time money doesn't. Money is not a big factor for me. But you know sister, we can't see her in that condition. That is the problem with me.

Speaker A: So you don't take it otherwise.

Speaker C: Okay.

Speaker A: Whatever the kind of need you require, you just ask me. Just tell me.

Speaker C: Okay?

Speaker A: And if you need any type of thing to me at the night, I will provide you.

Speaker C: Okay?

Speaker B: Thank you. Thank you very much for your help. Leave it. Just tell me about family. How is uncle and auntie?

Speaker A: They are fine. They are fantastic. No problem at all. They are just protecting us from the coronavirus, as you know.

Speaker D: Yeah.

Speaker B: It is also very important to stay at home.

Speaker A: This time we are just focusing on that particular thing. On another hand, I myself also just taking the prevention and we are not going outside nowadays. So that time we are not able at your home.

Speaker D: Okay? Okay.

Speaker B: Yesterday it is very important to just maintain social distancing.

Speaker A: So that's why I was not be there at that time.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: So right now, where are you going?

Speaker A: Right now I'm going to the market to buy some product.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker A: For groceries, essential things are there.

Speaker D: Okay.

Speaker B: So I'm also going to the same side. So I think we can.

Speaker A: No, Deepak, you may leave for today. And you have urgent piece of work. I know very.

